README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-repo-principal-list/blob/main/assets/email-banners_MSAITour24_v5.png" alt="decorative banner" width="1200"/>
</p>

# Microsoft AI Tour

The Microsoft AI Tour kicks off on September 24, 2024, in Mexico City and spans over 60 cities around the world, from Sao Paulo to Johannesburg, Mumbai to Sydney, Seoul to Berlin, and many more. 

This free, one-day and in-person experience offers AI thought leadership, sessions to help build AI skills, hands-on workshops, and connection opportunities designed to inspire attendees, while providing practical approaches for using the power of AI. We’ll also showcase local customer and partner stories at each stop.

Ready to join this innovation revolution? Visit the [Microsoft AI Tour website](https://aitour.microsoft.com/) and request to attend the Tour when it comes to your city.

## Microsoft AI Discord Community 
Join our Microsoft AI Discord community to continue the discussion and learning 

[![Azure AI Community Discord](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/ByRwuEEgH4)](https://discord.com/invite/ByRwuEEgH4?WT.mc_id=aiml-00001-leestott)

## Breakout Sessions and Workshops

Whether you’re a senior business leader or a technical practitioner, you’ll find valuable insights and actionable solutions.

For senior business leaders, we offer expert-led presentations into how to best leverage AI to solve complex problems and create lasting value. Plus, dive deep into how AI fits into the Microsoft roadmap, which will help attendees align their AI strategies with the latest technologies and best practices.

For technical practitioners, we offer immersive workshops on the latest AI technologies, hands-on experience with Microsoft and partner experts, and a vibrant community ready to exchange ideas. We’ll also provide insight into the future of AI, helping attendees stay updated on the rapidly evolving tech landscape.

Each individual session and workshop below is hyperlinked to it's own GitHub repository where you can find more information.

<div align="center">
  
| Content Type   |      Abbreviaton      |
|----------|:-------------:|
| Decision Maker Breakout Sessions |  DM |
| Technical Breakout Sessions | TECH |
| Workshops |    WKSH   | 

</div>

### Microsoft Copilot

- #### [(DM) BRK310: AI at Work: Unlock value and opportunity with Microsoft Copilot](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-unlock-value-with-copilot)
- #### [(TECH) BRK410: Copilot Implementation Essentials](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-copilot-implementation-essentials)
- #### [(WKSH) WRK510: Data, security and compliance practices for Copilot](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-copilot-security-practices)

### AI Safety and Security

- #### [(DM) BRK320: Secure your future in the age of AI](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-secure-future-in-ai-age)
- #### [(TECH) BRK420: Securing AI applications on Azure](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-securing-ai-apps-on-azure)
- #### [(TECH) BRK421: Data security for AI](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-data-security-for-ai)
- #### [(TECH) BRK422: GitHub Advanced Security: Securing your Workflow](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-github-advanced-security-workflow)
- #### [(TECH) BRK423: Forging modern security with Copilot for Security​​](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-cybersecurity-posture-with-copilot)

### Copilot Extensibility

 - ####	[(DM) BRK330: Innovate with AI and Low Code: Power Platform](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ai-and-low-code-innovation)
 - ####	[(DM) BRK331: Applying the functional blueprint to transform your business](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-blueprint-to-transform-business)
 - ####	[(TECH) BRK430: Build and customize copilots with Copilot Studio](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-copilot-studio-agents-and-experiences)
 - ####	[(TECH) BRK431: Essential prompting for GitHub Copilot in VS Code](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-github-copilot-can-do-that)
 - ####	[(TECH) BRK432: Advanced Coding: Visual Studio & GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-coding-mastery-with-github-copilot)
 - ####	[(TECH) BRK433: Developers guide to customizing Microsoft Copilot](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-customizing-microsoft-copilot)
 - ####	[(WKSH) WRK530: Build and extend agents with Microsoft Copilot Studio](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-building-copilots-with-copilot-studio)

### Introduction: AI Orchestration, Tooling, and Foundation

-  ####	[(TECH) BRK440: Getting started with Generative AI in Azure](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-generative-ai-in-azure)
-  ####	[(TECH) BRK441: Build AI Solutions with Azure AI Foundry](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-concept-to-creation-ai-studio)
-  ####	[(TECH) BRK443: Build your code-first app with Azure AI Agent Service](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-azure-openai-assistants)
-  #### [(TECH) BRK444: Getting started with AI Agents in Azure](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-getting-started-with-ai-agents) 
-  ####	[(WKSH) WRK540: Interacting with models and agents in Azure AI Foundry](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-interact-with-llms)

### Advanced: Taking AI Orchestration, Tooling, and Foundations to Production

- #### 	[(DM) BRK350: Delivering AI with impact through intelligent apps](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-buisness-impact-of-intelligent-apps)
- #### 	[(DM) BRK351: Azure Open AI Service: Customizing trustworthy Gen AI systems at scale](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-customizing-trustworthy-gen-ai-systems-with-azure-open-ai)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK450: Prompty, AI Foundry and practical E2E development](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-e2e-dev-with-prompty-and-ai-studio)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK451: Code-first GenAIOps from prototype to production](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-llmops-with-gen-ai-tools)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK452: Trustworthy AI: Advanced AI risk evaluation and mitigation](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-operate-ai-responsibly-with-ai-studio)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK453: Explore cutting-edge models: LLMs, SLMs and more](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-exploring-cutting-edge-models)
- #### 	[(WKSH) WRK550: Build a copilot code-first with Azure AI Foundry](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-build-a-copilot-on-azure-ai)
- ####  [(WKSH) WRK552: Build Your First Agent with Azure AI Agent Service](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-build-your-first-agent-with-azure-ai-agent-service)

### Your Data

- #### 	[(DM) BRK360: Activate your data and analytics for AI innovation](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-data-analytics-for-ai-innovation)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK460: Microsoft Fabric: What's new and what's next](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-whats-new-with-fabric)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK461: Next gen AI apps with databases at scale anywhere](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ai-apps-with-scalable-database)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK462: Microsoft Fabric: Reimagine Real-Time Intelligence](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-reimagine-fabric-intelligence)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK463: Production-ready RAG with Azure AI Search](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-rag-with-ai-search)
- #### 	[(WKSH) WRK560: Microsoft Fabric: Start with Real-Time Intelligence](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-get-started-with-fabric)
 
### AI Infrastructure

- #### 	[(DM) BRK370: Cloud infrastructure for AI transformation](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ai-readiness-with-azure)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK470: Leverage cloud native infra for intelligent apps](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-cloud-native-apps-with-azure-ai-and-aks)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK471: Leverage AI for infrastructure management](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-leveraging-ai-for-infrastructure-managaement)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK472: Preparing for your organization's AI workloads​](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-preparing-for-ai-workloads)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK473: Optimizing your AI costs​](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-opimizing-your-ai-costs)

### Theatre Sessions

- ####  [(TECH) DIS188: Azure AI Foundry Models as a Service 15-minute theatre talk](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-models-as-a-service-15-minute-theatre-talk)
- ####  [(TECH) DIS192: Azure AI Agent Service Introduction 15-minute theatre talk](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ai-agents-theater-session)

### Deprecated Sessions
- #### 	[(WKSH) WRK551: Build a multi-tasking assistant with Azure OpenAI](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-writing-assistant-with-azure-openai)
- ####	[(TECH) BRK442: Infusing an eCommerce app with AI​](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ecommerce-app-with-ai)

Commit message:

Add updated information for the Azure IA Foundry Developer Community links

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-repo-principal-list/blob/main/assets/email-banners_MSAITour24_v5.png" alt="decorative banner" width="1200"/>
</p>

# Microsoft AI Tour

The Microsoft AI Tour kicks off on September 24, 2024, in Mexico City and spans over 60 cities around the world, from Sao Paulo to Johannesburg, Mumbai to Sydney, Seoul to Berlin, and many more. 

This free, one-day and in-person experience offers AI thought leadership, sessions to help build AI skills, hands-on workshops, and connection opportunities designed to inspire attendees, while providing practical approaches for using the power of AI. We’ll also showcase local customer and partner stories at each stop.

Ready to join this innovation revolution? Visit the [Microsoft AI Tour website](https://aitour.microsoft.com/) and request to attend the Tour when it comes to your city.

## Azure AI Foundry Developer Community 

👩‍💻👨‍💻 Great devs don’t build alone. ⏱️ In a fast-paced dev world, there’s no time to hunt for help. 
That’s why we created the Azure AI Foundry Developer Community — your one-stop hub for: 
🌐 A vibrant forum for Q&A + code 
🎙️ DevBlogs with the latest updates 
🎮 Real-time Discord chats, events & learning 
🔗 Join the [Azure AI Foundry Developer Forum](https://aka.ms/azureaifoundry/forum) | Hop on the [Azure AI Foundry Discord server](https://aka.ms/azureaifoundry/discord)

## Breakout Sessions and Workshops

Whether you’re a senior business leader or a technical practitioner, you’ll find valuable insights and actionable solutions.

For senior business leaders, we offer expert-led presentations into how to best leverage AI to solve complex problems and create lasting value. Plus, dive deep into how AI fits into the Microsoft roadmap, which will help attendees align their AI strategies with the latest technologies and best practices.

For technical practitioners, we offer immersive workshops on the latest AI technologies, hands-on experience with Microsoft and partner experts, and a vibrant community ready to exchange ideas. We’ll also provide insight into the future of AI, helping attendees stay updated on the rapidly evolving tech landscape.

Each individual session and workshop below is hyperlinked to it's own GitHub repository where you can find more information.

<div align="center">
  
| Content Type   |      Abbreviaton      |
|----------|:-------------:|
| Decision Maker Breakout Sessions |  DM |
| Technical Breakout Sessions | TECH |
| Workshops |    WKSH   | 

</div>

### Microsoft Copilot

- #### [(DM) BRK310: AI at Work: Unlock value and opportunity with Microsoft Copilot](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-unlock-value-with-copilot)
- #### [(TECH) BRK410: Copilot Implementation Essentials](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-copilot-implementation-essentials)
- #### [(WKSH) WRK510: Data, security and compliance practices for Copilot](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-copilot-security-practices)

### AI Safety and Security

- #### [(DM) BRK320: Secure your future in the age of AI](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-secure-future-in-ai-age)
- #### [(TECH) BRK420: Securing AI applications on Azure](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-securing-ai-apps-on-azure)
- #### [(TECH) BRK421: Data security for AI](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-data-security-for-ai)
- #### [(TECH) BRK422: GitHub Advanced Security: Securing your Workflow](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-github-advanced-security-workflow)
- #### [(TECH) BRK423: Forging modern security with Copilot for Security​​](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-cybersecurity-posture-with-copilot)

### Copilot Extensibility

 - ####	[(DM) BRK330: Innovate with AI and Low Code: Power Platform](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ai-and-low-code-innovation)
 - ####	[(DM) BRK331: Applying the functional blueprint to transform your business](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-blueprint-to-transform-business)
 - ####	[(TECH) BRK430: Build and customize copilots with Copilot Studio](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-copilot-studio-agents-and-experiences)
 - ####	[(TECH) BRK431: Essential prompting for GitHub Copilot in VS Code](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-github-copilot-can-do-that)
 - ####	[(TECH) BRK432: Advanced Coding: Visual Studio & GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-coding-mastery-with-github-copilot)
 - ####	[(TECH) BRK433: Developers guide to customizing Microsoft Copilot](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-customizing-microsoft-copilot)
 - ####	[(WKSH) WRK530: Build and extend agents with Microsoft Copilot Studio](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-building-copilots-with-copilot-studio)

### Introduction: AI Orchestration, Tooling, and Foundation

-  ####	[(TECH) BRK440: Getting started with Generative AI in Azure](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-generative-ai-in-azure)
-  ####	[(TECH) BRK441: Build AI Solutions with Azure AI Foundry](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-concept-to-creation-ai-studio)
-  ####	[(TECH) BRK443: Build your code-first app with Azure AI Agent Service](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-azure-openai-assistants)
-  #### [(TECH) BRK444: Getting started with AI Agents in Azure](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-getting-started-with-ai-agents) 
-  ####	[(WKSH) WRK540: Interacting with models and agents in Azure AI Foundry](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-interact-with-llms)

### Advanced: Taking AI Orchestration, Tooling, and Foundations to Production

- #### 	[(DM) BRK350: Delivering AI with impact through intelligent apps](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-buisness-impact-of-intelligent-apps)
- #### 	[(DM) BRK351: Azure Open AI Service: Customizing trustworthy Gen AI systems at scale](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-customizing-trustworthy-gen-ai-systems-with-azure-open-ai)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK450: Prompty, AI Foundry and practical E2E development](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-e2e-dev-with-prompty-and-ai-studio)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK451: Code-first GenAIOps from prototype to production](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-llmops-with-gen-ai-tools)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK452: Trustworthy AI: Advanced AI risk evaluation and mitigation](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-operate-ai-responsibly-with-ai-studio)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK453: Explore cutting-edge models: LLMs, SLMs and more](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-exploring-cutting-edge-models)
- #### 	[(WKSH) WRK550: Build a copilot code-first with Azure AI Foundry](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-build-a-copilot-on-azure-ai)
- ####  [(WKSH) WRK552: Build Your First Agent with Azure AI Agent Service](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-build-your-first-agent-with-azure-ai-agent-service)

### Your Data

- #### 	[(DM) BRK360: Activate your data and analytics for AI innovation](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-data-analytics-for-ai-innovation)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK460: Microsoft Fabric: What's new and what's next](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-whats-new-with-fabric)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK461: Next gen AI apps with databases at scale anywhere](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ai-apps-with-scalable-database)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK462: Microsoft Fabric: Reimagine Real-Time Intelligence](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-reimagine-fabric-intelligence)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK463: Production-ready RAG with Azure AI Search](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-rag-with-ai-search)
- #### 	[(WKSH) WRK560: Microsoft Fabric: Start with Real-Time Intelligence](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-get-started-with-fabric)
 
### AI Infrastructure

- #### 	[(DM) BRK370: Cloud infrastructure for AI transformation](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ai-readiness-with-azure)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK470: Leverage cloud native infra for intelligent apps](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-cloud-native-apps-with-azure-ai-and-aks)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK471: Leverage AI for infrastructure management](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-leveraging-ai-for-infrastructure-managaement)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK472: Preparing for your organization's AI workloads​](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-preparing-for-ai-workloads)
- #### 	[(TECH) BRK473: Optimizing your AI costs​](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-opimizing-your-ai-costs)

### Theatre Sessions

- ####  [(TECH) DIS188: Azure AI Foundry Models as a Service 15-minute theatre talk](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-models-as-a-service-15-minute-theatre-talk)
- ####  [(TECH) DIS192: Azure AI Agent Service Introduction 15-minute theatre talk](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ai-agents-theater-session)

### Deprecated Sessions
- #### 	[(WKSH) WRK551: Build a multi-tasking assistant with Azure OpenAI](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-writing-assistant-with-azure-openai)
- ####	[(TECH) BRK442: Infusing an eCommerce app with AI​](https://github.com/microsoft/aitour-ecommerce-app-with-ai)
